This code example adds view orchestration to the ad, repositioning and reformatting content within the ad. It also creates a custom navigation system. To see it in action, do the following:
# Log into your Flite Console and create a new ad. The *Make an Ad* page opens, prompting you to select a template.
# Select the desired template and initialize the ad:
#* Click *Socializer*.
#* Click *Custom* to enter custom dimensions for the ad, change the width to 700, and change the height to 600.
#* Click *Make Ad* to create a new 700x600 ad in Ad Studio.
# Add Flite’s Twitter feed:
#* Expand the *Twitter* content block.
#* Change the *Username* to “flite”.
# Add Flite’s Facebook feed:
#* Expand the *Facebook* content block.
#* Change the *URL* to "http://www.facebook.com/flite":http://www.facebook.com/flite.
# Add Flite’s blog feed:
#* Expand the *Feed* content block.
#* Change the *Tab Label* to “Blog”.
#* Change the *URL* to "http://www.flite.com/blog":http://www.flite.com/blog.
# Add a video:
#* Click the *Video Gallery* icon under *Add New Content*. A lightbox pops up allowing you to add a new video gallery.
#* Change the *Name* to “Flite Overview”
#* Click the *Add Video* button to add a video manually.
#* In the *Add a Video* lightbox that pops up, enter the following URL: "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wILsNhbN4O4":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wILsNhbN4O4. Then click OK. The video you added appears in the preview.
#* Scroll down to the *Display Type* setting, and select the *Slideshow* radio button.
#* Check the *Hide video titles* checkbox to hide the video’s title.
#* Click the *Save Widget* button in the top right corner to add this video gallery to your ad.
# Add a second video tab. Follow the same process as above, except use “Ad Builder Demo” as the *Name* and "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5um5oqVxuQ":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5um5oqVxuQ as the URL.
# Rearrange the tabs:
#* Collapse all expanded content blocks.
#* Drag and drop the blocks until the order from top to bottom is Facebook, Twitter, Flite Overview video, Ad Builder Demo video, and Blog.
# Configure the ad’s background:
#* In Ad Studio, click the *Theme* button to switch to the Theme Editor.
#* Change the *Theme Style* to *Full Background* to remove the header and footer.
#* Expand the *Color* setting block and change the *Background* setting to “333333”. This gives the component a dark gray background.
# Add the SWF file:
#* Click *Style* to switch to the Style Editor.
#* Change the *Tab Style* to *None* to remove tabs.
#* Under *Content Mode (Advanced)* expand the *SWF* setting block and select the *Use API* radio button.
#* Click the *Choose* button that appears, and upload the ViewOrchestration.swf file found in this folder.

You are done! The preview panel will display the ad with all the content you just added arranged and formatted in a very different way. The videos are in separate areas along the left, the feeds are on the right side, and each feed has a different color scheme. Click the custom navigation buttons along the bottom right to switch between feeds.

Download the FLA and AS files and open them in Adobe Flash if you want to make changes to this example.
